Update SDK 6 to version 0.5.0 and set the Gradle compatible version to 8.0.2 and higher (#536)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/install.rst

--------------

Once a JDK is correctly configured, the next step is to install Gradle by following `the official documentation <https://gradle.org/install/>`__.

> The SDK is only compatible with the Gradle ``8.x``, so make sure to install a right version.

Reviewer: It is 8.0.2 minimum actually, so I would suggest:
```suggestion
The SDK is only compatible with the Gradle ``8.0.2`` and higher, so make sure to install a right version.
```
or
```suggestion
The SDK is only compatible with the Gradle ``8.x`` (at least ``8.0.2``), so make sure to install a right version.
```

Author: yes, I chose the first suggested change.
